<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_326_606_1_T48_4014232920">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">326.606-1</ph> General.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) The CO must insert the provision at HHSAR 352.226-7, INDIAN ECONOMIC ENTERPRISE REPRESENTATION, in all solicitations regardless of dollar value solicited under HHSAR 326.603-1(c) or (d) and in accordance with this part.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) To be considered for an award under HHSAR 326.603-1(c) or (d), an offeror must:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Certify that it meets the definition of “Indian Economic Enterprise” in response to a specific solicitation set-aside in accordance with the Buy Indian Act and this part; and
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) Identify the Indian Tribe(s) upon which the offeror relies for its IEE status.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) The enterprise must meet the definition of “Indian Economic Enterprise” throughout the following time periods:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) At the time an offer is made in response to a solicitation;
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) At the time of contract award; and
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) During the full term of the contract.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d) If, after award, a contractor no longer meets the eligibility requirements as it has certified and as set forth in this section, then the contractor must provide the CO with written notification within 3 calendar days of its failure to comply with the eligibility requirements. The notification must include:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Full disclosure of circumstances causing the contractor to lose eligibility status; and
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) A description of actions, if any, that must be taken to regain eligibility.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e) Failure to maintain eligibility under the Buy Indian Act or to provide written notification required by paragraph (d) of this section means that:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) The contractor may be declared ineligible for future contract awards under this part;
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) The CO may consider termination for default of the ongoing contract; and
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) The CO may pursue debarment or suspension of the contractor.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(f) The CO will review the offeror's representation that it is an IEE in a specific bid or proposal and verify that the Indian Tribe(s) that the offeror identified in the representation is either on the List of Federally Recognized Tribes or is an Alaska Native Corporation. A CO will also investigate the representation if an interested party challenges the IEE representation or if the CO has any other reason to question the representation. The CO may ask the offeror for more information to substantiate the representation. Challenges of and questions concerning a specific representation must be referred to the CO or CCO in accordance with HHSAR 326.607.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(g) Participation in the Mentor-Protégé Program established under section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (25 U.S.C. 47 note) does not render an IEE ineligible for contracts awarded under the Buy Indian Act.


</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
