<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_326_606_3_T48_4014232922">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">326.606-3</ph> Representation process.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) Only IEEs may participate in acquisitions set-aside in accordance with the Buy Indian Act and this part. The procedures in this Part are intended to support responsible IEEs and prevent circumvention or abuse of the Buy Indian Act.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) The CO shall review the ownership information furnished under HHSAR 352.226-7(b) and verify that the Indian Tribe(s) identified is either on the List of Federally Recognized Tribes or is an Alaska Native Corporation.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) If the CO cannot verify from the offeror submission that the Indian Tribe(s) identified is either on the List of Federally Recognized Tribes or is an Alaska Native Corporation, the CO must allow the offeror to correct information submitted under HHSAR 352.226-7(b). The CO should make every effort to allow the offeror to correct the information. If the requirement is time sensitive the CO must specify to the offeror the time and date by which a response is required.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) If the CO determines the offeror is not responsive, the CO must document the circumstances and inform the offeror of the determination.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) The CO may ask the appropriate regional Office of the General Counsel to review the IEE representation.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) The IEE representation does not relieve the CO of the obligation for determining contractor responsibility, as required by FAR Subpart 9.1.


</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
