<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_326_604_2_T48_4014232914">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">326.604-2</ph> Procedures for Acquisitions under the Buy Indian Act.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) Each acquisition of supplies, services and construction that is subject to commercial items or simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR Parts 12 or 13 must be set-aside exclusively for ISBEEs, except as otherwise set forth in this Part. IHS will use ISBEE commercial item(s) or simplified acquisition set-asides to accomplish this preference action.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) Commercial items or simplified acquisitions under this section must conform to the competition and price reasonableness documentation requirements of FAR 12.209 for commercial item acquisitions and FAR 13.106 for simplified acquisitions.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) When acquiring construction and A&amp;E services, solicit proposals and evaluate potential contractors in accordance with FAR Part 36.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d) This paragraph applies to solicitations that are not restricted to participation of IEEs.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) If an interested IEE is identified after a solicitation has been issued, but before the date established for receipt of offers, the contracting office must provide a copy of the solicitation to this enterprise. In this case, the CO:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(i) Will not give preference under the Buy Indian Act to the IEE; and
</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(ii) May extend the date for receipt of offers when practical.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) If more than one IEE is identified after issuing a solicitation, but prior to the date established for receipt of offers, the CO may cancel the solicitation and re-compete it as an IEE set-aside.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e) The contracting officer shall insert the provision at HHSAR 352.226-4, NOTICE OF INDIAN SMALL BUSINESS ECONOMIC ENTERPRISE SET-ASIDE, in solicitations for acquisitions that are set-aside to ISBEE concerns under HHSAR 326.603-1(c).
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) The contracting officer shall insert the provision at HHSAR 352.226-5, NOTICE OF INDIAN ECONOMIC ENTERPRISE SET-ASIDE, in solicitations for acquisitions that are set-aside to IEE concerns in accordance with HHSAR 326.603-1(d).
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) The contracting officer shall insert the clause at HHSAR 352.226-6, SUBCONTRACTING LIMITATIONS, in all solicitations and contracts when the contract award is to be made under the authority of the Buy Indian Act.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) The contracting officer shall insert the provision at HHSAR 352.226-7, INDIAN ECONOMIC ENTERPRISE REPRESENTATION, in all solicitations when the contract award is to be made under the authority of the Buy Indian Act.


</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
