<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_326_601_T48_401423294">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">326.601</ph> Definitions.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA)</i> means Public Law 92-203 (December 18, 1971), 85 Stat. 688, codified at 43 U.S.C. 1601-1629h.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Alaska Native Corporation</i> means any Regional Corporation, any Village Corporation, any Urban Corporation, and any Group Corporation as those terms are defined by ANCSA.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Buy Indian Act</i> means section 23 of the Act of June 25, 1910, codified at 25 U.S.C. 47.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Chief Contracting Officer (CCO)</i> means a person with authority to enter into, administer, or terminate contracts and make related determinations and findings on behalf of the U.S. Government for the respective IHS Areas.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Contracting Officer (CO)</i> means a person with the authority to enter into, administer, or terminate contracts and make related determinations and findings on behalf of the U.S. Government.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Construction</i> means the planning, design, construction and renovation, including associated architecture and engineering services, of IHS facilities pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 1631 and in the construction of safe water and sanitary waste disposal facilities pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 1632.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Deviation</i> means an exception to the requirement to use the Buy Indian Act in fulfilling an acquisition requirement subject to the Buy Indian Act.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Fair market price</i> means a price based on reasonable costs under normal competitive conditions and not on lowest possible cost, as determined in accordance with FAR 19.202-6(a).
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Indian</i> means a person who is an enrolled member of an Indian Tribe or “Native” as defined in the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Indian Health Service (IHS)</i> means operations at all administrative levels of IHS, including Headquarters, Area Offices, and Service Units (inclusive of clinics).
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Indian Economic Enterprise (IEE)</i> means any business activity owned by one or more Indians or Indian Tribes that is established for the purpose of profit provided that: The combined Indian or Indian Tribe ownership must constitute not less than 51 percent of the enterprise; the Indians or Indian Tribes must, together, receive at least a majority of the earnings from the contract; and the management and daily business operations of an enterprise must be controlled by one or more individuals who are Indians. To ensure actual control over the enterprise, the individuals must possess requisite management or technical capabilities directly related to the primary industry in which the enterprise conducts business. The enterprise must meet these requirements throughout the following time periods:
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">
				</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) 
			At the time an offer is made in response to a written solicitation;
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(2) At the time of the contract award; and
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(3) During the full term of the contract.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Indian Tribe</i> means an Indian Tribe, band, nation, or other recognized group or community that is recognized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians because of their status as Indians, including any Alaska Native village or regional or village corporation under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (Pub. L. 92-203, 85 Stat. 688; 43 U.S.C. 1601).
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise (ISBEE)</i> means an IEE that is also a small business concern established in accordance with the criteria and size standards of 13 CFR part 121.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Interested Party</i> means an IEE that is an actual or prospective offeror whose direct economic interest would be affected by the proposed or actual award of a particular contract set-aside pursuant the Buy Indian Act.
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>List of Federally Recognized Tribes</i> means the list published annually in the Federal Register identifying Indian entities that are recognized by and eligible to receive services from the United States Department of the Interior (DOI), Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA).
</p>
         <p xtrc="P">
                                 <i>Transfer Act of 1954</i> means the authority of transferred responsibility and other health care “functions, responsibilities, authorities and duties of the Department of the Interior” (including the Snyder Act) to Health, Education and Welfare, the predecessor of the HHS. Public Law 83-568, 68 Stat. 674 (1954) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 2001 <i>et seq.</i>). The Transfer Act authorizes IHS to use the Buy Indian Act (25 U.S.C. 47) to carry out its health care responsibilities.


</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
